Variable fonts updates (#4843)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/variable-fonts/index.md

Above is an example of different axes being used with the typeface Zycon. See
the live [animation example on Axis
Praxis](https://www.axis-praxis.org/specimens/zycon).

[Anicons](https://typogram.github.io/Anicons) is the world's first animated
color icon font, based on Material Design Icons. Anicons is an experiment that
combines two cutting edge font technologies: variable fonts and color fonts.

<figure class="w-figure">
  <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/variable-fonts/anicons-animation.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
    A few examples of hover animations from Anicon's color icon font
  </figcaption>
</figure>

### Finesse

<figure class="w-figure">
  <video controls autoplay loop muted class="w-screenshot">
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-assets/variable-fonts/larger-widths.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  </video>
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">
    Amstelvar using little bits of XTRA in opposite directions so the words' widths are evened out
  </figcaption>
</figure>

> Roboto Flex and Amstelvar offer a set of "Parametric Axes." In these axes, the

Reviewer: Is there a link to these typefaces?

}
```

### Variable fonts on Google Fonts

Google Fonts has expanded their catalog with [variable
fonts](https://fonts.google.com/?vfonly=true), and adding new ones regularly.
The interface is currently aimed at picking single instances from the font:
you select the variation you want, click "Select this style", and it will be
added to the `<link>` element that fetches the CSS and fonts from Google Fonts.

> If you want to use all the available axes, or ranges of values instead of a
> single value, you will have to [manually
> compose](https://developers.google.com/fonts/docs/css2) the URL to the Google
> Fonts API. To know which axes are in the fonts, head over to the [variable
> fonts overview](https://fonts.google.com/variablefonts) where all axes and
> values are listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use all the available axes, or ranges of values, you will have to [manually
compose](https://developers.google.com/fonts/docs/css2) the URL to the Google
Fonts API. The [variable fonts overview](https://fonts.google.com/variablefonts) lists all axes and values.
```

> You can also use a tool like [Google Variable Fonts
> Links](https://github.com/RoelN/google-variable-fonts-links) to get the
> latests URLs for the full variable fonts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Google Variable Fonts Links](https://github.com/RoelN/google-variable-fonts-links) 
tool can also give you the latest URLs for the full variable fonts.
```

OpenType variable fonts allow us to store multiple variations of a type family
into a single font file.
[Monotype](https://medium.com/@monotype/part-2-from-truetype-gx-to-variable-fonts-4c28b16997c3)
ran an experiment by combining 12 input fonts to generate eight weights,
across three widths, across both the Italic and Roman styles. Storing 48
individual fonts in a single variable font file meant a _88% reduction in file
size_.

However, if you are using a single font such as Roboto Regular and nothing
else, you might see a net gain in font size if you were to switch to a
variable font with many axes. As always, it depends on your use-case.

> On the flip side, animating the font between settings may cause performance
> issues. Although this will improve once variable font support in browsers gets
> more mature, these can be reduced somewhat by only animating fonts that are
> currently on screen. This handy snippet by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the flip side, animating the font between settings may cause performance
issues. Although this will improve once variable font support in browsers gets
more mature, the problem can be reduced somewhat by only animating fonts that are
currently on screen. This handy snippet by
```
